docs: more documentation on how `ape-accounts` plugin works with keyfiles and storage (#1838)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/accounts.md

## Live Network Accounts

When using live networks, you need to get your accounts into Ape.
To get your accounts in Ape, you must use an `accounts` plugin.
Ape ships with a keyfile-based account plugin, but you can use any account plugin such as `ape-ledger`, `ape-trezor`, or a third-party plugin.

### Keyfile Accounts

Ape ships with a keyfile-based account plugin that lets you import and generate accounts.
The premise of the plugin is that accounts are stored locally on your computer in the `$HOME/.ape/accounts` directory following the `keyfile` structure.
Under-the-hood, this structure comes from the [eth-keyfile library](https://github.com/ethereum/eth-keyfile) via the [eth-account](https://eth-account.readthedocs.io/en/stable/eth_account.html) package.
When Ape creates the keyfile, either from import or account-generation (described below!), it prompts you for a passphrase to use for encrypting the keyfile, similarly to how you would use a password in browser-based wallets.

> The keyfile, then, stores the encrypted private key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The keyfile stores the private key in an encrypted-at-rest state, which maximizes security of the locally-stored key material.
```
